[Music]
eight leg exercises for beginners you
can do at home do you dream of wearing
shorts and skinny jeans but your thighs
are too big for your liking don't worry
there are some easy exercises you can do
at home to sculpt and slim down your
legs before you get started don't forget
to click the subscribe button and turn
on notifications number one hydrates
[Music]
this move will help you get warmed up
for the following exercises and it will
work your legs in the process start on
all fours your knees should be directly
below your hips and your arms should be
straight raise your left leg to the side
while keeping it bent then return to the
original position follow along the clock
will be set at 30 seconds 3 2 1
this move will also help sculpt your
buttocks squeeze your glutes as you lift
your leg
[Music]
now it's time to switch legs to make
this move harder you could try to do it
by completely extending your leg to the
side and keeping it straight
[Music]
number two alternating lunges stand
straight with your legs placed on your
hips step forward with your right foot
until you are almost kneeling down head
back to the starting position are you
ready to follow along the clock will be
set at sixty seconds three two liar
though this exercise is easy you'll
really start to feel the burn in your
legs
this move is intended to tone and
strengthen your leg muscles
[Music]
[Applause]
now switch legs
you're almost done 5 4 3 2 1
[Music]
[Applause]
number three Crescent kicks
stand up straight
turn your hands into fists and place
them near your chest as if you're about
to do some boxing lift up your right leg
then keep the air in a circular motion
that brings your leg from the front of
your body to the side as if you're
drawing a crescent moon in the air now
it's your turn the clock will be set to
sixty seconds three two one
this kick will help you slim down your
legs and release type muscles it will
also help you stretch those tense
muscles because you're fully opening
your leg to the side
[Music]
[Applause]
now change legs
[Music]
[Applause]
you're almost there
five four three two one number for
diagonal lunges this move will target
your quads glutes hamstrings and inner
thigh it will also help tighten and tone
those muscles stand with your arms
stretched over head and your feet close
together don't extend your arms
backwards with your right foot take a
long step diagonally forward bend your
right knee and extend your upper body on
top of your right thigh you can put your
hands on the floor for balance return to
the standing position now you can follow
along the clock will be set at 60
seconds 3 2 1 if you have knee problems
you can modify the exercise by not
bending down so far in this case your
goal is to bring your hands toward your
shins or NEADS
[Music]
[Applause]
now change legs when you return to a
standing position tighten up your abs
and maintain proper posture this will
help you keep your balance as you make
your way back up
[Music]
[Applause]
number five
slimming skaters stand with your feet
facing forward bend slightly forward at
the hips take a big step to the right
with your right foot bring your left
foot behind your right foot while on
tiptoe as you do this movement bring
your arm right up to your chest and fold
your left arm behind your back now take
a small leap to the left and do the same
movement on the opposite side this
completes a whole movement now try to
follow along the clock will be set at 30
seconds three two one remember that if
your right leg is behind you your right
arm should be folded near your chest and
vice-versa now pick up the pace go on
you can do it faster
imagine that you're skating on ice or in
your favorite neighborhood with the wind
blowing in your face this move will help
you sculpt and burn out the jiggle that
can be held in the inner thigh number
six
inner thigh pulses this is a great
exercise if you have knee problems or
need a low impact option sit on the
floor extend your legs in front of you
cross your right leg over your left leg
your right leg should be bent and your
right foot should be flat against the
floor sit with your back straight your
arms can help maintain balance lift your
left leg and lower it this is one
repetition let's see you do it now the
clock will be set at sixty seconds three
two one
this move will work the inner thighs of
the leg you are lifting your core should
be straight and the leg you lift should
not bend at the knee
[Music]
switch legs now if you are planning to
slim down your legs for a vacation or a
holiday then keep this exercise in mind
[Music]
[Applause]
number seven side plays stand up with
your hands on your hips your feet should
be angled at 45 degrees step out with
your left foot and go down into a ballet
plie squeeze your legs so that they are
spread wide your knees should always be
above your feet don't let them roll
forward then further down keeping your
abs tight and your back straight slide
your left foot back and return to the
original position do this for thirty
seconds five four three two one
[Music]
pretend you're on a stage getting ready
to do a graceful ballet move don't let
your back bend forward
[Music]
now do it with the right leg
remember not to let your knees move
inward and keep those abs engaged think
of the skinny jeans you really want to
fit into
[Music]
you're almost done five four three two
one
number eight scissor power switches
place your right foot forward and kneel
down put your left leg back so that
you're in a runner's lunge position
extend your left arm toward the floor
and your right arm behind you out of the
way this will be your starting points
now in a fast move jump up while you're
in midair switch your legs so that you
land in a runner's lunge position with
your left foot forward and your right
arm extending toward the floor now try
following along the clock will be set at
30 seconds three two one
do these exercises four to five times a
week
remember that the best approach to
weight loss is to target the entire body
to lose fat in your legs you'll also
have to lose fat from the rest of your
body and you can accomplish this through
diet and exercise if you pair these
exercises with a daily 30-minute run or
walk and a healthy diet your legs will
be your pride and joy in no time tell us
bright ciders have you been struggling
to slim down your legs let us know in
the comment section and don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side
[Music]